feat: add oracle support (#706)
project-copacetic/copacetic: website/docs/troubleshooting.md

title: Troubleshooting
---

## Copa and Trivy throw errors when Oracle Linux is passed in

Copa supports patching Oracle Linux in two ways:

With a vulnerability scan, `--ignore-errors` must be passed in:

```bash

> patch -r /oracle-7.9-vulns.json -i docker.io/library/oraclelinux:7.9 --ignore-errors

Reviewer: copa patch?

Reviewer: i don't think this is going to patch all vulns, is that right? can we add a note?

Author: This will patch all vulnerabilities, but `--ignore-errors` must be passed in due to how Oracle handles CVEs.

Even if an Oracle image is fully patched, Trivy scans will complain about `_fips`. This is known upstream but has unfortunately remained unfixed for a couple years.

Reviewer 2: we can add a note that this will patch all errors aside from the false positives due to Oracle CVE

```

Without a vulnerability scan, Copa will update all packages in the image:

```bash

> patch -i docker.io/library/oraclelinux:7.9

Reviewer: copa patch?

Author: This would be referencing `copa patch`

Reviewer 2: lets change it to copa patch to be consistent with other parts of the doc and avoid confusion

title: Troubleshooting
---

## Copa and Trivy throw errors when Oracle Linux is passed in

Copa supports patching Oracle Linux in two ways:

With a vulnerability scan, `--ignore-errors` must be passed in:

```bash
patch -r /oracle-7.9-vulns.json -i docker.io/library/oraclelinux:7.9 --ignore-errors
```

Without a vulnerability scan, Copa will update all packages in the image:

```bash
patch -i docker.io/library/oraclelinux:7.9
```

> Oracle reports CVEs in a way that causes Trivy and Copa to report false positives. To patch the entire image, use the Copa `--ignore-errors` flag or don't pass in a vulnerability scan. See [this GitHub issue](https://github.com/aquasecurity/trivy/issues/1967#issuecomment-1092987400) for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Oracle reports CVEs in a way that causes Trivy to report false positives that Copa will be unable to patch. To patch the entire image, use the Copa `--ignore-errors` flag or omit the vulnerability scan report to upgrade all outdated packages. See [this GitHub issue](https://github.com/aquasecurity/trivy/issues/1967#issuecomment-1092987400) for more information.
```
